If you are to declare multiple instances
of this lock and exist on like
I wanna say type definition is
one maybe,done with all these.
So we say type definition,
then you would have to come in here and
say well, this is what happens
when you visit a field definition.
Well, this is what happens when you
visit a Type visited type definition.
And you will have to make a function for
that.
So for every single entity or every single
node that you can visit on your directive,
you'd have to make a function for it.
So you can do multiple for one directive.
The other thing is, you can take
in arguments on your directives.
Just like the deprecated
on taken arguments,
we can have log taking elements to.
So we can say, okay, log takes in, I don't
know, a message, and its type is a string.
And little known fact about GraphQL,
you can use the equals sign in
arguments to set a default.
Like that, that's a default.
If any input on any argument you
can make a default by setting
an equal sign like that.
It's only a default message and then if I
want to get a reference to that argument,
all I have to do is I say
message equals this.args.
Now your reference to
these arguments here.
So now you have those arguments.
You can do whatever you want with them.
This is really cool because now you
can come out here and say, cool.
I need a message here.
And I want to call it,
ID here or something like that.
Start this,
I didn't even log it because
I should log it, Message,
like that, Run that.
And there you go.
You get your message that
you pass it as an argument.
All right, one last thing I
will show you on the rectus.
And then you're going to make some.
So this is cool because you can add
arguments on your schema level.
But what if you wanted to query to
pass up arguments to the directors?
This is where it gets complicated.
So if you want that to happen, then what
you need to do is you need to modify your
fields RX array in to do a field RX push
and need to push in a new argument here.
And the way that this works is basically
you have to give it a type of and
is the same thing as like
creating arguments down here.
So you have to give it a type,
and you have to give it a name.
And you can push those
arguments up like that.
So if I say I want a new type, and
I want it to be a string, then what
you can do is you can go to GraphQL.
You can get a GraphQL string type.
QL, stream type like that.
They say the type is graph qL string.
You can give it a name and
we can call this one.
I don't know,
message called the same thing like that.
And now you get this message and
there's arguments.
And what you can do is now that argument,
is not going to be available to the client
to pass in an argument for that field,
and it's going to be accessible here.
I need to spread that that's
why that wasn't working.
So the arguments gonna be
available inside of here, but
because I'm using this is a spread,
I got to write them all out.
So this is like the route value.
This would be the arguments here.
In this case,
I only wanna get the message.
So I'll say, give me the message.
And then everything else
is the rest of the stuff.
The rest of the arguments is the context.
Here's the info.
So I'll do that.
I'm going to change this to call now.
I'm not using an array, and
I'm going to past rest,
Or I'm sorry, routes, rest context and
info to my original resolver.
And now you should have access
through this message right here.
You should have access to
whatever the user passed up, and
by default, you can have this method.
So basically you will do like some type
of, check your message is either going to
be whatever they passed up to me, or
it's gonna be whatever I defaulted here
as message which could
be obviously this.args.
So it could be let's say message equals
this.args but now you got two messages.
I'm gonna rename this
one to schema message.
There you go.
So you can log either
the message they sent you or
you can do the schema message
that you supply by default.
All right, so if we tried this,
stop this thing.
All right, and if we go here,
if I refresh this you
can see it tells me I have
a message argument now.
See that I get autocomplete for
a message argument and have that before.
So I can say cool.
Yeah, I want that message argument.
Hello.
Cool.
That looks good.
And if you go back to our output,
it logged the one that I put up.
Hello.
If I change that to, Yoda and
I run that log the one this is Yoda.
If I don't say anything it should
send it should log the default
one that I had on the server,
which I forgot what it was.
But let's see what happens, Id here.
[BLANK AUDIO]